Add blog about Camel 3 on the way (#92)
apache/camel-website: content/blog/Camel3-2monthsaway/index.md

---
title: "Apache Camel 3 is only 2 months away"
date: 2019-10-02
author: Claus Ibsen
categories: ["Roadmap"]
preview: Status update on Camel 3 only 2 months away
---

> The Camel team is busy working on the last set of work for Apache Camel 3. Today the 2nd release candidate was built and published on a staging repository for [early adapters to give it a try](https://camel.465427.n5.nabble.com/VOTE-Release-Apache-Camel-3-0-0-RC2-Release-Candidate-2-td5844106.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Camel team is busy working on the last set of work for Apache Camel 3. Today the 2nd release candidate was built and published on a staging repository for [early adapters to give it a try](https://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/camel-dev/201910.mbox/%3CCADL1oAqjZVvbJ1cnxqzdcUk%2BkuyCMdyc7w8agZuoN6SYZjPDnA%40mail.gmail.com%3E).
```

I'd point to the ASF mailing list archives.
